SKYLINE GUIDELINE
JUST TO CHANGE IT, THE WORLD.
I think in a time like today, even though the world has changed so much, we still have so much confusion, and sometimes we don't even know it.
For a social animal like human, I think the way to change everything is still communication, a person's world is limited, but the world of a group of people can be infinite.
Even though today's social communication has been much more convenient, it is still far away from touching the soul. I think at this moment, a new way of communication needs to be discovered, which is not only faster delivery of letters and meeting across thousands of miles, but also a brand-new thinking mode belonging to this era, which should closely follow the computer and the main theme of this era. Just as for thousands of years, our ancestors got all the social rules that have been deep in the bone marrow at present from getting along with nature, computers can also be engraved into our lives and souls, and become an inseparable part of life, which does not mean to violate the laws of nature, but by ourselves to add more luster to our lives.

Therefore, I also hope to have such a project, an idealized project, which is to make a unified abstraction for all the current programming languages, so that programming is no longer limited to its semantics, but becomes an abstract and lofty concept, and the customized tool is no longer to solve everyday problems, but a higher level of assistance. Just as we will never see our brains as mere instruments of thought, but as a layer of innumerable human attributes, so such an idealized project will no longer offer anything that any language can describe, because it will be inconceivable that it will be relevant to the human race, just as we will need countless great philosophers to explore ourselves in the future, Such a project may also require countless people to think about its meaning together.

To sum up, although my programming ability is still very low and I still don't understand how to use the tools at hand, I think what I think is right, so I plan to use the tools I can master as soon as possible to complete a small project, I named it SKYLINE, in my vision, it is a social software. Or a more rigorous knowledge exchange community, but unlike other software, the pages will be very simple, because all the personalized design will be encapsulated to provide users with as simple a tool as possible to design what they want, not only that, but I also want to enable all users to communicate with each other based on a new model, This model is what I like to call a super open tree, which means that all users can see real-time text exchanges of any level of others on a topic, i.e. there is no privacy (of course users can still customize), and people can always try to teach others in their domain. It is also possible to be curious about the unknown and ask some people who are communicating about advanced topics in a certain field how they do it. I think this mode will greatly enhance the enthusiasm for learning and is friendly to learners at any level. Of course, people can still choose to switch to other ways or keep privacy in this software.
It will be a tree-like structure, because no matter what field, the senior personnel will always be far fewer than the junior personnel, but no matter where you enter the tree, whether it is easy to look up or down, you will feel very relaxed. You feel that there are layers of knowledge, but it's an invisible line, what I call the skyline, and standing on the ground, you can still look at the sky.
As I think, being able to calculate the time to send a letter in milliseconds would have seemed unthinkable to an ancient person, but being able to share content at the same time would have seemed science fiction to an ancient person.
I still have a few ideas, but I don't even know what tools to implement them with right now, so I'm going to keep them in the hopes that they'll appeal to advanced developers.

我认为在今天这样的一个时代，即使世界已经发生了翻天覆地的变化，我们仍有太多太多迷茫，有时甚至我们对此毫不知情。
对于人类这样一种社会性动物而言，我认为改变一切的方式仍在于交流，一个人的世界是有限的，但一群人的世界可以是无限的。
即使今天的社交已经方便了太多太多，但距离触及心灵仍然十分遥远，我觉得此时此刻一种新的交流方式需要据此而被发掘出来，不仅仅只是更快送达的信件、跨越万里距离的相见，而是真正属于这个时代的全新的思维模式，它应该紧紧跟随着计算机，这个时代的主旋律。正如千万年来，我们的祖先从与自然的相处中得到了一切在当下已然深入骨髓的社会规则，计算机也可以镌刻入我们的生命与灵魂，成为生命无法割舍的一部分，这不是指违背自然的定律，而是由我们自己为我们的生命多增添一分光泽。

所以之后我还希望能有这样一个项目，一个理想化的项目，就是为所有当下的程序设计语言再做一层大一统的抽象，使编程不再仅仅局限于它的语义，而是成为一个抽象而崇高的概念，人们定制的不再是为了解决日常问题的工具，而是更高一层的辅助，正如我们永远也不会把我们的大脑单单看作思考的工具，而是无数人类属性的一层封装，这样一个理想化的项目提供的也不再是任何语言可以描述地完的东西，因为它与人类的关联性会达到一种难以想象的程度，正如我们需要无数伟大的哲人来探索自身，在以后，这样的一个项目或许也需要无数的人们来共同思考它的意义。

综上，虽然我的编程能力目前仍然很低下，我对如何使用手上的工具也还不太明白，但是我觉得我所认为的是对的，所以我打算用能尽快掌握的工具完成一个小小的项目，我为它命名为SKYLINE，在我的设想中，它是一个社交软件，或者说是一个更加严谨的知识交流社区，但与其他软件的不同之处，它的页面将会非常简单，因为所有个性化设计会被封装起来为用户提供尽量简单的工具来设计他们自己想要的东西，不仅仅如此，我还希望能够让所有用户之间的交流基于一种全新的模式，这种模式我想要将其称之为超级开放树，也就是说，所有用户可以基于一个话题看到任何关于此话题任意层次的其他人的实时文本交流，也就是没有任何隐私（当然用户还是可以自定义的），人们可以随时去尝试在他们已知的领域教会其他人东西，也可以抱有对未知的好奇去询问一些正在交流某一领域高级话题的人他们是如何做到的，我认为这种模式将极大地加强学习热情的提升并且对任何层次的学习者都是友好的，当然，人们还是可以选择切换其他方式或者在这个软件里保留隐私。
这将会是一个树状的结构，因为无论是哪个领域，高级人员永远是远远少于初级人员的，但无论你从哪里进入这棵树，无论抬头还是低头都很轻松，你会感觉非常的轻松。你会感觉知识确实有被划分层次，但是这是一条隐形的线，也就是我所说的skyline，站在大地上，你的视线仍然能投向天空。
就像我所认为的，能够以毫秒来计算发送一封信件的时间对古代的人来讲只会感觉不可思议，但能够同时使内容共享，才会令古时候的人感到科幻。
我还有一些构想，但是我现在连具体实现该用到什么样的工具都不知道，所以我打算保留，希望以上内容能够吸引高级的开发人员的兴趣。